broadcast tonight or a private battle blows wide open in public has the most powerful Republican in Washington
Sassy's how to not be coming out swinging against members of his own party
execution big news on North Korea tonight with young leader has taken out of family member
too close for comfort the case of the interpreter at Mandela memorial has gone from embarrassing questions about security in a big breast
breast cancer walk in the cut the Redskins have
for some women with far fewer side effects to deal with
making a difference for US sailors far from home
nightly news begins
New York NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams leaving today
Washington was a rare outburst of candor mixed with anger and frustration whatever anyone thinks about the Speaker of the House John Boehner mail
job in Washington his job is to lead his majority party Republicans in Congress is problem has been the rise of the Tea Party faction
the newly arrived in highly motivated members who do not go along or get along with the wishes of the leadership
they force banners hand on the fiscal cliff and again in the government shut down now they've gone after a budget deal that represents real compromise and keeps the country running
the speaker today decided he's had enough and he said so Kelly O'Donnell was there for on Capitol Hill today and starts off from there tonight Kelly tape
Brian the house is Justin something we haven't seen in a long while overwhelmingly passing a budget deal Democrats and Republicans intended to end the crisis de prices atmosphere we've been living with
managing his own Republican membership has been taught what made harder by the influence of outside group instantly criticizes peel before it was announced
news conference of the year John Boehner took the little kids 17 frustrations conservative political groups
join this moment being able to speak up and speak your mind in a way that we haven't seen as much
discount store Point WI nuh uh some people stop over the line when you criticize something and you have no idea what you're criticizing I eat on your mind you're going to believe
speaker shipped to the Tea Party victory support Republicans in charge 3 years ago he doesn't share their political DNA is the Chamber of Commerce style Republicans firebrand
the Tea Party headphone confrontations put his leadership on the rocks repeatedly now he has a message for the conservative groups do men did the government shutdown strategy to stop the healthcare law
the day before the government reopen a lot of people up one of these words will never really thought would work
the fallout Swift does conservative groups to oppose today's budget deal Arnold Palmer
presenting the voices of the American people that are not being represented by the officials in Congress
Kansas Republican to use camp is tea party through and through is Boehner is not conservative enough
I have difficulty trusting anybody in Washington that is dismissive American people
the conservative rift over tonight budget compromise include Thomas GOP senators with the Rhone political features to consider is Marco Rubio
as a conservative do you believe this isn't a deal you can back
is a conservative American
the biggest complaint is that this deal would spend more for the government funding over the next couple of years don't do enough they say to reduce the deficit more than 30
30 House members passes tonight expected to go to the Senate were it will also path may be putting a lid on some of the crisis mode with living with Brian
any bentyl and different kind of day on Capitol Hill Kelly O'Donnell there for Oliver Kelley facts word has arrived from overseas the leader of North Korea has executed a family member
Kim Jong Un has had is own on Cole killed
after making a very public display of removing him from power back when his father Kim Jong Il ran North Korea this very soon
uncle was considered very high ranking for Hep C the number to man in the country this execution is one way for this young new leader to show the world
in very graphic terms that he is firmly in charge Archie Florida fairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell here with us in the studio tonight
good evening Ryan indeed this official announcement is the clearest evidence the major shake up by this little Regina North Korea nuclear power carving alarm in Washington North Korea's most powerful neighbor China
Kim Jong on the young untested leader now eliminating the power behind the phone executing is ona Jung sung tech
Bianca wouldn't believe in charge of training is young nephew to take over now according to North Korea is official announcement executed as a trader in fact called quote Despicable humans come worse than a dog
cute animals price cursed acts of treachery in the trailer such a profound trust in one is paternal love shown by the party and the leader for him and it claims he confessed at a military tribunal what was clearly show trial
his downfall was shown on state TV earlier this week when he was arrested shown being pulled out of a public meeting young send text has been used as a potential economic
former in charge of a transition of power then second in command he was also the pointment for maintaining canyons relationship with Beijing
is there is no reason to doubt the official announcement of execution official fat if confirm this is another example of the brutality
North Korean virgin penetration is not my friend about cursing and consulting without eyes in what is now clearly a crisis on the new crisis
Victoria from over there and Rhea Texas always
now the latest or the latest twist in a story that as we set off the top of the broadcast started as simply an embarrassment
what is now raising more serious questions about security for President Obama and the other world leaders who came to South Africa for the Mandela memorial as we were making our way back home from there the sign language interpreter who was called out as a fake
revealed news about himself and what he claimed what's the history of serious mental illness NBC's Ron Allen has the latest tonight from Pretoria
today temperature going to explain is questionable content of a mental Memorial just Epps away from President Obama and other leaders medication for schizophrenia breakdown on stage
images you said he has a history of violence behavior
sometimes I feel like me
stunning revelations by a man already accused of being a fraud its Friday
that the individual that baby is having significant a mental issues I was allowed to stand next to the president in other countries is the amazing and very frightening
portable security concerns at the Mandela memorial NBC News the Secret Service was very concerned
range
the president security motorcade was stuck in traffic
screaming seems to be non existent extra strength
Stadium without any physical screening White House in secret service jobs under difficult circumstances obviously they
work very hard
and that's so cold
Terrapin complaints before
wake me complain
we feel that the South African government holidays
Marie Curie standpoint
the major embarrassment set something much worse 10 News Victoria
news tonight from the International Space Station yesterday's reported problem is not as dyrus first thought in the crew has time to consider it options including a spacewalk to fix it
NASA loves redundancies they are good to have in space the Pampas broke as a working back up but still is a problem that will need attention in the meantime today
The Crow was pretty much back to business as usual as we approach the one your mark on Saturday in the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown Connecticut
there is a plea tonight from this country psychologist they say the gun issue is not just a political issue the protecting our
from gun violence including their own homes is a matter instead of Public Health and so we get the story tonight from our chief medical editor Dr Nancy Snyder
it was nearly two years ago would like so many other times Ashland Milton drop her son know of is bestfriends house to spend the night
about 115 in the morning we got a phone call
what went to your got you pull the pin for all that activity outside the house
any lab shopping before I talk to a cop like there's no way this is this is real or fake
but it wasn't a mistake
13 year old son accidentally shot by his friend in a moment horseplay didn't realize the gun was loaded would you hold a cannibal
asparagus with caper children safe
Ashland family a gun owners and Avan hunters what they keep your guns locked insecure Underwood parents who don't do the same to be held legally responsible
Queens safe with car seat with put the belfry drive the speed limit we had cattle medicine that they can get in I just guns is right there with that
Tinseltown tragedy at least 173 children under the age of 12 have died from gunshots in the US according to original reporting and research by NBC News nearly half of those deaths were accidental
coming year is projected turnover people die from gun related to pass a number people die from motor vehicle desk
Dr William babies in the ER the day of Newtown tragedy advocating that only to change gun laws changed the way we view gun violence
why is research important research is paramount when you have a discussion about the public health issue of gun safety
in 1996 the gun lobby work successfully to hold the City season of gun violence what the National Rifle Association has always advocated
safety education it didn't respond to a request for comment President Obama has called on Congress to provide 10 million dollars to fund gun research
catching your chest
Ashland Milton hope occasion and new laws my mother for pain
I want to watch him go to high school in and graduated and get married and have kids
start a conversation with your children at home and talk to other parents for playdates for overnight after a simple question of guns
House of a loaded and most important are they locked up and away from kids is a real transformation to make gun violence a public safety in public health
spectrasoul bra store in NC thank you as always so I have for us tonight Big House news about preventing breast cancer in Newark
Shin for women at high risk cups the risk in half with far side effects and later making a difference even on the flight deck of a guided missile cruiser big surprises for Americans serving far from home doing holiday
we're back here with as we mention some good news about fighting breast cancer for women at high risk there may be a new way to prevent the disease without all the side effects of so many people have come to dread
Anne Thompson has more tonight on the new research presented the day add a meeting of breast cancer specialists in Texas
temperature is a competitor and a pioneer vending 23 years with Houston Astros 11 is President she's the longest serving female executive in Major League Baseball season honored in the Hall of Fame
success is no defense against disease breast cancer runs in Gardners family putting her at higher if she's managed it with eggs and removal of Steuben online but no drugs yet
I'm where does over the last 50 years and I've elected not to take them but now there's something new that they're looking at that may be an option for me
something new is actually Rock
anastrozole sold commercially is Arimidex has been used for years
postmenopausal women
after they've had breast cancer feel buy estrogen
now is study published today does an Astra soul can help prevent a virgin feel breast cancer in high risk women in first person controlled trials decreasing the rest by 53 percent researchers say its a homerun
it works on both dimensions more effective in left side effects
tamoxifen another drug use for prevention has major side effects
tamoxifen harms are increased risk of uterine cancer blood clots Cataracs little so hot flashes
studying bald almost 3900 postmenopausal women between the ages of 40 and 72 were increased risk for breast cancer
how got an ass result everyday others got a placebo after me in 5 years 40 women on an Astra soldat breast cancer vs 85 on the placebo group so who could this help women with the family history of breast cancer does with dense breasts
add note to have some type something on lock
building a second career as a consultant the struggle for Gardner a new way to stay in the game
Ann Thompson NBC News New York
back in the moment with a little boy on a mission a lot of other Americans might like
does who ate her the story that the new head of the FCC wants to allow cell phones on planes while in the air is not as bad as you might have first fear
it's all about allowing people to use their devices to text and web surfer not to make calls in fact a bill is introduced in the Senate today
what prohibits cell phone
Asians on commercial flights Golden Globe nominations are out and as usual there some surprises and some snubs leading the way with 7 nominations of peace are the films 12 years a slave in American hustle
the film the butler got shut out of the major category so did homeland on Showtime HBO lead the way with 90 min Asians Wall many expect the big prize to go to breaking bad
polar and Fey host a game this year at eros January 12 on NBC
how great stories come to a tension thanks to our NBC station in Denver Kusa a 6 year old boy areas name Connor who wants to save NASA in this potion to Lyra and get them back in the business of launching American astronauts in space
show with the support of his daddy launched a campaign that got a petition on the White House website is receive letters
phone calls from people around the world including one particular call Walmart camera crew was there from a guy who speaks from experience
I am a national change the last person to walk on the moon
what how about that as in the Gene Cernan last man to walk on the moon when Im to say quote to go to the moon you got a dream about things that a lot of other people think you can't do
perhaps lost in all the uproar over the incompetent sign language interpreter at the Mandela memorial is the fact that deaf people are the ones who lost out at a long nose
lines video of a little girl performing in her kindergarten Christmas show in Florida has service
she's seen here signing so that her deaf parents in the audience follow along it's fantastic delivered with Augusto you would expect from a child at that
Takeya ler great age when we come back here tonight making a difference with a very special delivery
making a difference to buy new oxytrol for women
and finally tonight a woman who's been making a difference for America's military men and women for a decade she is just in fact mark the milestone with her own you
way of saying thanks we get the story tonight from our Pentagon correspondent Jim McClure Shefsky who went on quite a journey himself to bring us your story
the guided missile cruiser Gettysburg in the faraway Gulf of Oman holiday spirits were running sky high sailors way to get packages like Christmas morning
early from those long lonely deployments Etsy
the driving force behind the festivities Caroline black chick founder of operation gratitude
this is the end come true to get high from 360 sailors at sea nothing to be better
venta de brand monumental milestone Operation Gratitude is 1 million
present a petty officer Brooke Hogan
that's a long way from 10 years ago packages one time
today and volunteer turns out 3008 California
Volunteers of all ages like 103 year old Eco in a veteran of World War 2
the most cherished gifts personal letters from Volunteers like Matthew
did the settlers of the Gettysburg Address are more than just an early Christmas present their sign of Americas respect love and gratitude for their service
officer Oakman got just a little more
keys to your own 2014 forever
Chuck E Cheese
personal mission is far from over
she's already planning for a second Millions prize Jimmy akin DC news aboard the Gettysburg
and that's our broadcast for this Thursday night thank you for being here with us I'm Brian Williams on way of course hope to see you right back here tomorrow is good